[laughing]
My darkness will
swallow the world,
just you wait and see!
You think I'll lose to you?
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!
Roger's treasure belongs to me!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and learn
all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] Luffy forms an
alliance with Trafalgar Law
in order to take down
one of the Four Emperors,
the rulers of the New World.
With a plan to hand over
the mad scientist Caesar
and destroy the factory
producing the deadly weapon
known as SMILE, the Straw Hats
arrive in Dressrosa,
a kingdom ruled by Doflamingo.
[LUFFY]
Ace's fruit?
And it's so close.
[CROWD cheering]
[MAN A]
So whoever wins the tournament,
they get a Devil Fruit?
[MAN B]
And an awesome one!
The Flame Flame Fruit that
belonged to Fire Fist Ace!
[CROWD cheering]
[GYATS] The colosseum is packed
with excitement today!
Our king has summoned
the fiercest warriors
from the New World to sate
your gladiatorial pleasure!
And let's not forget
the valiant volunteers!
Those citizens willing
to risk it in the ring!
The contenders will be
divided into separate blocks,
and the champion of each block
will move on to the next round!
However, to win, these warriors
will put themselves
through the ultimate test.
[CROWD cheering]
[GYATS] They'll have to earn it
with blood, grit, and pain!
For the defenders of this prize
are no ordinary gladiators!
The champion of each block will
have the fight of their life!
Presenting, the warriors
from the Don Quixote Family!
[CROWD cheering]
[TOY MAN D laughing]
Our first warrior... Señor Pink!
[CROWD cheering]
[GYATS]
Then Dellinger!
[CROWD cheering]
[GYATS]
Lao G!
[CROWD cheering]
[GYATS]
Machvise!
[WOMAN A]
And of course, the Colosseum's
reigning hero...
[GYATS]
Mr. Diamante!
[WOMAN B]
Diamante!
[MAN C]
Start the fight already!
Yeah, we wanna see some blood!
[MAN D]
Quit makin' us wait!
Hurry up and get the
first match goin'!
I don't get it.
How did Ace's Flame Flame
Fruit wind up here?
Well?
Uh! From what I've heard,
each and every
Devil Fruit is unique.
There's never more than one of
each kind at the same time.
Although...
If the owner of the
fruit's power dies,
another Devil Fruit
with the same power
will suddenly sprout up
at some random place
somewhere in the world.
And the next person who
finds it and eats it,
they become the new
holder of its power.
After Fire Fist Ace died, his
Flame Flame Fruit was reborn,
but nobody knew where.
Until the Young Master
managed to hunt it down.
That's how it is, huh?
Seems a bit crazy to offer up
something like that
as a tournament prize,
but hey, who am I to judge?
Man, if I could get my hands
on power like that...
Well, I'd carve out a
whole new life for myself.
[LUFFY] Huh? You're not gettin'
anywhere near that fruit!
[FRANKY grunts]
Hey, wait a minute.
Don't you have an older
brother named Ace?
I want it!
That fruit should be mine!
[FRANKY chuckles]
[gasps]
[laughs]
Oh, yeah!
You don't have any powers,
you could eat it!
Yeah, I'd rather not
lose my ability to swim.
Well, I can't eat it since I've
already got Gum-Gum powers.
But the idea of some
random stranger
gettin' their hands
on it... No way.
It's like a memento of him, huh?
There's a pretty good
possibility this is a trap.
Especially with the way
Doflamingo taunted you with it.
Well, you see...
I have something that
will interest you,
something you'll want.
And I'm certain
you'll want it badly.
[FRANKY] But there is
one thing I'm sure of.
You can't let a chance
like this slip by!
You don't wanna regret
somethin' like that.
And besides, we've got
business at the Colosseum.
So let's make an
appearance. Heh!
[LUFFY grunts]
Look at those morons.
Think they can just
walk off with it.
Probably get themselves killed.
They've got no idea what
they're about to walk into.
[CROWD cheering]
[ZORO panting]
[ZORO] Yeah, fairy my ass.
S'nothin' but a dirty thief!
All right, which way'd it go?
To the right!
[SANJI]
I told you to wait, dammit!
Can't you forget about
a stupid sword or two?
[ZORO] I'd rather forget
about your dumb ass!
Damn!
I'm not letting it get away!
[SANJI] Ya gotta stop
runnin' off on your own!
We don't have time for this!
Wait! What's that?
What, did you find the fairy?
[SANJI]
A fairy? No. A goddess.
[ZORO]
What?!
♪
[singing]
[MUSICIAN A singing]
[MUSICIANS singing]
[gasping]
[VIOLET panting]
[CROWD cheers]
[MAN E]
Such beauty!
[MAN F]
Such passion!
[cheering continues]
[MAN G] You are truly
the world's finest dancer!
She's... so beautiful!
You forget how stab-happy the
women in this country are?
A guy like you's gonna
wind up with holes in 'im.
[laughs]
[gasping]
She can stab me all she wants!
Ah! Aww, crap, he's gone!
Bastard gave me the slip!
[SANJI groans]
I'm so sick of that moss head!
[groans]
But wait!
This is the perfect chance to
leave him behind on this island.
I mean, I tried to catch him. No
one can argue with me on that.
[SANJI laughs]
Nothin' but couples
around here.
Like the whole damn town's
trying to make me jealous. Jeez.
Oh, man, what I wouldn't
give for Nami or Robin
to suddenly fall madly
in love with me.
[VIOLET]
Excuse me! Sir!
Aren't you the man I
locked eyes with earlier?
I need your help. Hold me
in a romantic embrace!
[SANJI]
What?
[GUARDS panting]
You see where she went?
We can't lose her!
I know she slipped out the
backdoor into Lover's Lane here.
She couldn't have gone far.
We'll find her!
[GUARD C]
Do not let her leave town!
[GUARD D]
Right!
[VIOLET sighs]
I think they're gone now.
Thank you so much.
[VIOLET groaning]
Uh, sir. It's okay.
You can release me now.
Believe me, the pleasure
was entirely mine.
Are you all right?
Did I bump your nose
with my head perhaps?
[SANJI]
No.
The only impact I felt was
the shock of meeting you.
Are you sure?
That's so much blood.
No, no. Really, it's nothing.
But it must hurt.
[SANJI screams]
I've fallen off a cliff into
the bottomless abyss of love!
[VIOLET] What? Please, no,
you shouldn't say such things!
I implore you! For I've
already given up on love!
Any man I've ever been
involved with was...
[SANJI] Yes! They were all
able to die happy men!
Those goons back there.
Who were they, and why
were they chasing you?
If there's anything I can do
to help, just say the word!
Those men were the
police, I'm afraid.
There was a man,
and things between us...
They went sour,
and then I stabbed him.
[SANJI]
What? You're saying it's true?
The women here are so passionate
that they stab for love?
Okay!
[VIOLET]
You're okay with stabbing?
No! What's wrong?
You must stop! I beg you not
to indulge this wicked woman!
What...?
Don't take that risk.
I might fall in love with you.
[SANJI groaning]
[VIOLET sobs]
[VIOLET] Huh? I should've
told you, my name is Violet.
Would you mind,
if it's not too much,
escorting me to the next town?
[SANJI]
Anything.
And once we arrive...
...there is a man there
I need you to kill for me.
Huh?
[ZORO] I don't give a damn
if it's a national treasure.
The Shusui belongs to me,
and I'm not gonna lose it!
Seriously, giant toys
living side by side
with humans, and now
thieving fairies?
Holy crap, talk about
an obnoxious country.
But that's what
fairies do for fun!
What're you babbling about?
When they engage in mischief,
the only thing to do
is turn a blind eye!
[ZORO] I couldn't care less
if it's a real fairy or not.
No. I'm gonna chop it up
into fantasyland stew!
Huh?!
[ZORO] Hey, wait right there,
you damn thief!
[SANJI]
"To my dearest Nami and Robin.
I pray that you have it
in your heart to forgive
this shameful man.
For I have finally... finally...
...met the one and only
everlasting love of my life."
From here on, think of
me as your bodyguard.
Yes. I was born into this
world to protect you.
[SANJI] This romantic island,
Dressrosa. I love it!
[KIN'EMON]
I will retrieve the treasure
of the Wano Kingdom
at all costs!
Although, first,
I must retrieve Kanjuro
who's being held captive
by Doflamingo's clan.
Kanjuro!
Must you really
rush right past me?
Huh. Did that just happen?
That lovely young lady
expressed an affection for me.
How wonderfully assertive.
But I can't!
[MERCHANT A]
Come back and talk with me!
[KIN'EMON]
I... I really should not!
To be distracted by
such temptation is...
...dishonorable!
Kanjuro! Where are you?
[SANJI]
And what have we got in here?
--[footsteps]
--[COOK A] Huh?
Hey, we're closed.
What d'ya think yer doin'
bargin' in here?
Didn't ya see the
sign out front?
[SANJI] All right, ya got some
decent ingredients...
But your cutlery and pans
are in terrible shape.
Haven't even bothered
to wash the dishes.
But you don't look
like you've bothered
to wash yourselves, either.
Look, jerk, who do
you think you are?
[SANJI]
The man who will cook a meal
for the most
beautiful woman alive.
Now get the hell out
of this kitchen.
Okay, punk! You asked for this!
[COOK A groaning]
Who the hell is this guy?
Never stand between a chef
and the meal he's gotta make.
I just need your kitchen
for a little while.
[SANJI]
Oh, Violet, my dear.
Sorry for the wait. Dancing
requires great stamina.
[VIOLET gasps]
And great stamina is best fueled
by a delicious and
nutritious dish.
[VIOLET]
You made this?
[ZORO]
Get back here!
You thieving fairy!
Was that Moss Head?
[KIN'EMON] You must be here
somewhere! Kanjuro!
[SANJI]
Kin'emon!
[VIOLET]
What's happening out there?
[SANJI]
Oh, nothing. Nothing at all.
[SANJI] I didn't intend to split
off on my own like this.
Forgive me, Luffy.
I'm following my destiny!
[CROWD cheers]
[FRANKY]
Looks like the place.
[LUFFY]
Whoa, that colosseum is huge!
[FRANKY]
Must be one heck of a show!
[CROWD cheering]
The crowd's goin' nuts in there!
Makes me wanna sign up
for the competition!
Yeah, listen to all that!
[GUARD A]
Damn fugitive toy!
[GUARD B]
Get away from the colosseum!
One of these days
we're gonna catch you!
Keep trying! You suckers!
Jet Walk!
[TOY SOLDIER grunts, laughs]
[TOY SOLDIER grunts]
[TOY SOLDIER]
Ha!
[GUARDS gasp]
[TOY SOLDIER]
You were too slow! Look!
My foot is placed
in the colosseum!
I don't really need to remind
you of the law, do I?
[laughing] As you both know,
the police and the Navy
are forbidden
from entering here!
[GUARDS growl]
It doesn't matter if
you're chasing a criminal.
This is not your jurisdiction!
The only rule of law
within these walls is that
of the Don Quixote Family!
If you choose to
pull those triggers,
then you will be the
ones thrown in jail!
Now begone!
[GUARDS]
Dammit.
[FRANKY]
Man, this island is weird.
They've got a toy
on the wanted list?
Gotta admit, little dude's
got some bluster, though.
[TOY SOLDIER grunting]
Oh, my, elderly gentlemen.
May I offer to carry your
belongings for you?
What the...? He sure
got polite in a hurry.
[LUFFY laughs]
You're one funny soldier.
Oh, am I? Do you find me funny?
What about this? Is this funny?
[LUFFY laughs]
[FRANKY] All right, pal,
can ya clear the path?
I... I'm sorry.
I was blocking your way.
[FRANKY] Jeez, your face
turned as red as your coat.
You're a pretty serious guy
deep down, ain't cha?
What? Of course I'm not!
Toys only exist to
make people smile!
There's no such thing
as a serious toy!
[LUFFY laughing]
Now he's all mad!
Last chance to sign up!
Entries for the public are
closing! It's now or never!
[sighs] Not like anyone
actually has the guts
to enter this contest. Cowards.
Ya see that, Luffy?
Looks like we just found
your ticket inside!
[LUFFY]
Hm? Okay.
Hey! Over here! I wanna enter!
I'm gonna enter! Me!
[TOY SOLDIER]
What?
What? No, you can't,
you're too old!
Please, sir!
[chuckles]
[NARRATOR] Disguised as
an anonymous competitor,
Luffy infiltrates the Colosseum,
where he meets
the other fighters--
a wide variety of
criminals, assassins,
and vicious New World pirates.
As nefarious plots unfold to
claim the Flame Flame Fruit,
Luffy springs into action!
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"A Formidable, Unknown Warrior!
Here Comes Lucy!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!